We want to get from user stories to code,
and we do that by writing quality tasks.
Coding User Stories with Tasks.
At the higher level, we have epics and chunky features,
and we break the epics down into user stories.
Both are written in business and user- oriented terms.
Developers will now take the user story and break it down into tasks,
in particular, technical tasks.
The technical tasks are written in the vernacular of the developer,
tester, database designer, or others.
Now let's see an example.
Here is an example of how tasks relate to user stories in an epic.
Here we have two user stories, story 1 and story 2.
Now they are both under epic 1.
These have been developed as we have learned by the team based on
the product owner's requirements and backlog.
The tasks though are not developed with the product
owner or any of the user community, but only the technical team,
such as developers, database designers, and testers.
So, as an example, we have epic 1, manage enrollment.
User story 2 is students can search for, find, select, and enroll in classes.
A team member or members have itemized three tasks.
The first, task 3.
Create an Angular-based search page to find classes by school,
department, and free text, and use the course.search API.
Clearly the language is technical, and the product owner,
quite frankly, and with no guilt, doesn't care.
Next is task 4.
Allow students to select classes in an HTML grid and place
into a shopping cart using the plugin.
Task 5: Allow students to pay for classes by credit card and PayPal
via the third- party bank widget web service.
Tasks are written in technical terminology since they will only
be used and consumed by the technical team.
But just as user stories follow the INVEST template,
how you write tasks should follow a template as well. Let's check that out.